init documentation for `HTMLTitleElement.text` (#31300)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmltitleelement/text/index.md

---
title: "HTMLTitleElement: text property"
short-title: text
slug: Web/API/HTMLTitleElement/text
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.HTMLTitleElement.text
---

{{APIRef("HTML DOM")}}

> The **`text`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLTitleElement")}} interface representing the text of the document's title. Only the text part is included, tags within the element are ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`text`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLTitleElement")}} interface represents the text of the document's title. Only the text part is included; tags within the element and their content are stripped and ignored.
```
